Explain SDK Exporter config based on Collector config (#48)
aws-otel/aws-otel.github.io: src/docs/getting-started/python-sdk/trace-auto-instr.mdx

#### Examples on running the application

Starting an application which connects to a collector running as a sidecar without TLS:

```bash
$ OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_INSECURE=True OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT=localhost:55678 opentelemetry-instrument -e otlp --ids-generator aws_xray python ./path/to/your/app.py
```

Starting an application which connects to a collector running as a sidecar without TLS using flask:

```bash
$ OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_INSECURE=True OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT=localhost:55678 FLASK_APP=./my_flask_app.py opentelemetry-instrument -e otlp --ids-generator aws_xray flask run
```

Starting an application which connects to a collector running as a service with TLS:

```bash

> $ OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_CERTIFICATE=/path/to/my-cert.crt OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT=https://my-example-awesome-website-with-collector.com opentelemetry-instrument -e otlp --ids-generator aws_xray python ./path/to/your/app.py

Author: @anuraaga Hoping to get your feedback about the endpoint in this example, does it make sense?

The configuration of your SDK exporter depends on how you have configured your ADOT Collector. To learn more about how the ADOT Collector can be configured, refer to the [ADOT Collector Documentation](https://aws-otel.github.io/docs/getting-started/collector).

We can use the `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT=localhost:55678` environment variable to set the address that the exporter will use to connect to the collector. If the address is unset, it will instead try to connect to `localhost:55680`.

#### Connecting to a collector running locally as a sidecar

When the collector is running locally, the `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_INSECURE=True` environment variable is used to disable client transport security for an SDK OTLP exporter’s connection. This will use the gRPC insecure_channel() method as explained in the [gRPC Python Documentation](https://grpc.github.io/grpc/python/grpc.html?highlight=insecure#grpc.insecure_channel). This option should never be used in production, non-sidecar deployments.

> #### Connecting to a collector running on the internet as a service

Reviewer: I think here, we don't even really need to mention sidecar vs service - we're already saying we need to configure based on how the collector is running. It seems like the wording is something like "If collector is running without TLS configured, do this. If collector is running with TLS configured, do that."

Author: Makes perfect sense! I have removed it.

#### Examples on running the application

Starting an application which connects to a collector running as a sidecar without TLS:

```bash
$ OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_INSECURE=True OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT=localhost:55678 opentelemetry-instrument -e otlp --ids-generator aws_xray python ./path/to/your/app.py
```

Starting an application which connects to a collector running as a sidecar without TLS using flask:

```bash
$ OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_INSECURE=True OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT=localhost:55678 FLASK_APP=./my_flask_app.py opentelemetry-instrument -e otlp --ids-generator aws_xray flask run
```

Starting an application which connects to a collector running as a service with TLS:

```bash

> $ OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_CERTIFICATE=/path/to/my-cert.crt OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT=https://my-example-awesome-website-with-collector.com opentelemetry-instrument -e otlp --ids-generator aws_xray python ./path/to/your/app.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_CERTIFICATE=/path/to/my-cert.crt OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT=collector.service.local opentelemetry-instrument -e otlp --ids-generator aws_xray python ./path/to/your/app.py
```

No scheme on gRPC endpoints (if they had them we could avoid this whole insecure flag mess in the first place though...). And using a domain name that looks less like a website will discourage exposing your collector to the public :P
